HOME SCREEN

Why Let your property with MSc Properties

175,000 landlords have been using MSc Properties since 2012 to let and manage their properties. With outstanding service and exceptional value – including our 5.5% no let, no fee – MSc Properties is leading the lettings market in London, Manchester and Liverpool. Find out more here.

Careers / Vacancies

Ever thought of a Career in Estate Agent? Find out nore here.



RENT PROPERTY SCREEN

Looking to Rent a Property in England?

MSc Properties has a vast supply of rental properties across London, Manchester, Liverpool, and more, on its books.  Our landlords value responsible tenants so if you’re looking for an apartment or house to rent you have come to the right place!

When you rent through MSc Properties you have the security of knowing your deposit is protected under a Tenancy Deposit Scheme.

Find what you are looking for, wheter it’s a studio apartment or a five-bedroom family home… We have properties available…



LEASE PROPERTY

Letting your Property in England?

MSc Properties understands the need to achieve the best possible rent and prevent voids to maintain yields for its landlords.  We know that as a landlord you want a responsible tenant who will respect your property investment. 

We have numerous private and corporate tenants listed at any one time, most of who are looking to move quickly.  That is why so many of our landlords rely on us to let their properties year after year.

When a regular Estate Agent finds a tenant for your property they should do the usual “in house” referencing process which entails obtaining a previous landlords reference, an employer’s reference, proof of ID & income etc. 

We go one step further and outsource to an independent insurance company who run a Credit Check on the applicant to the same standard as if they are applying for a credit card or a mortgage, and we get a much more in depth understanding of their financial standing and credit history. Once the insurance company have rubber stamped the applicant as a “good tenant” we then pay the insurance company a premium to insure the tenant for the duration of the tenancy, which gives you 3 elements of comfort

1)    You know that the tenant we introduce has been vetted to a high standard, not only by us, but also by an independent Insurance Company,
2)    The Insurance company insures you in the event that the Tenant doesn’t pay their rent for any reason, then the insurance company will pay you instead,
3)    If the tenant makes the transition from being a “good” tenant to a “bad” tenant - they also deal with the whole eviction process for you as well, - at their cost.

We effectively offer a total “peace of mind” package to our clients who can rest assured that once they have signed a tenancy agreement with an applicant introduced by us they can put the matter to bed for 12 months and relax knowing that there should be no problems!

Please advise when you have a property available by registering (non registered Landlords) and we would be delighted to market it for you. MSc Properties have a number of offices and actively cover a large number of major cities in England, including London, Manchester, Liverpool and more.



CAREERS / VACANCIES

We have a number of career paths within MSc Properties that should motivate, enthuse and inspire the most forward thinking ambitious types. From Estate & Letting Agency Sales Positions, to Branch Management, to Financial Advisors. We have structured formats, constructive training and result inspired wage structures that reward the very best. And it's the very best who we are looking for - if you believe you can compete in this challenging environment - (and come out on top) we want to hear from you.

To learn more about how to become part of a successful local company register for a vacancy below:

Vacancies:

LETTINGS MANAGER

Enthusiastic and motivated individual to manage and drive one of our busy Lettings offices. Previous experience necessary. A desire to succeed is essential. 

OTE approx Â£30-Â£40k pa

please email your CV to tatiana.carver@kings-group.net 

LETTINGS NEGOTIATOR
Enthusiastic and motivated individual to work in one of our busy Lettings offices. No experience necessary as training will be given, but a desire to succeed is essential. OTE approx

Â£25000-Â£30000 pa.
please email your CV to tatiana.carver@kings-group.net 

SALES NEGOTIATOR

Enthusiastic and motivated individual to work in one of our busy Sales offices. No experience necessary as training will be given, but a desire to succeed is essential. OTE approx Â£25000-Â£30000 pa.
please email your CV to roydon.weekes@kings-group.net

FINANCIAL/MORTGAGE ADVISOR
Based in our Client Services Department, suitable for full C.E.map qualified advisor. Working with Kings Mortgage Client Bank to provide a quality service and ensure the best financial deal for our clients. Salary OTE expected Â£30,000-Â£65,000
please email your CV to debbie.bell@kings-group.net

TRAINEE MORTGAGE ADVISOR/COORDINATOR
An Individual with the right aptitude and dedication, to succeed ultimately in the financial services industry. Cemap qualifications an advantage but not a necessity. Salary starting from Â£14,000
please email your CV to debbie.bell@kings-group.net



ABOUT US

About MSc Properties

What sets MSc PRoperties apart is our belief in modern work practices coupled with traditional, old-fashioned values like professionalism, quality service and an absolute commitment to keeping a promise.

Our definition of good service is that when we say we are available at all hours of the day, we don’t just mean the answer phone is on for you to leave a message.  Members of our dedicated and experienced team are often in the office at daybreak and also work late into the night when required.   

The same holds true when it comes to property viewings.  Because we believe you should not have to take time off work to find or sell your home, we organise viewings at a time to suit you, whether that is first thing in the morning or last thing at night. 

MSc Properties have a number of offices across most major cities in England, including London, Manchester, Liverpool and more.

Our Offices: