HOME SCREEN

Why Let your property with MSc Properties

"At MSc Properties we have unmatched knowledge about a number of Englands major cities property, ensuring landlords secure the best valuations for their rents and high quality tenants, at the right cost"

175,000 landlords have been using MSc Properties since 2012 to let and manage their properties. With outstanding service and exceptional value – including our 5.5% no let, no fee – MSc Properties is leading the lettings market in London, Manchester, Liverpool and growing. Find out more here.

Careers / Vacancies

Ever thought of a Career in Estate Agent? Find out more here.



RENT PROPERTY SCREEN

Looking to Rent a Property in England?

MSc Properties has a vast supply of rental properties across London, Manchester, Liverpool, and more, on its books.  Our landlords value responsible tenants so if you’re looking for an apartment or house to rent you have come to the right place!

When you rent through MSc Properties you have the security of knowing your deposit is protected under a Tenancy Deposit Scheme.

Find what you are looking for, wheter it’s a studio apartment or a five-bedroom family home… We have properties available…



LEASE PROPERTY SCREEN

Letting your Property in England?

MSc Properties understands the need to achieve the best possible rent and prevent voids to maintain yields for its landlords.  We know that as a landlord you want a responsible tenant who will respect your property investment. 

We have numerous private and corporate tenants listed at any one time, most of who are looking to move quickly.  That is why so many of our landlords rely on us to let their properties year after year.

When a regular Estate Agent finds a tenant for your property they should do the usual “in house” referencing process which entails obtaining a previous landlords reference, an employer’s reference, proof of ID & income etc. 

We go one step further and outsource to an independent insurance company who run a Credit Check on the applicant to the same standard as if they are applying for a credit card or a mortgage, and we get a much more in depth understanding of their financial standing and credit history. Once the insurance company have rubber stamped the applicant as a “good tenant” we then pay the insurance company a premium to insure the tenant for the duration of the tenancy, which gives you 3 elements of comfort

1)    You know that the tenant we introduce has been vetted to a high standard, not only by us, but also by an independent Insurance Company,
2)    The Insurance company insures you in the event that the Tenant doesn’t pay their rent for any reason, then the insurance company will pay you instead,
3)    If the tenant makes the transition from being a “good” tenant to a “bad” tenant - they also deal with the whole eviction process for you as well, - at their cost.

We effectively offer a total “peace of mind” package to our clients who can rest assured that once they have signed a tenancy agreement with an applicant introduced by us they can put the matter to bed for 12 months and relax knowing that there should be no problems!

Please advise when you have a property available by registering (non registered Landlords) and we would be delighted to market it for you. MSc Properties have a number of offices and actively cover a large number of major cities in England, including London, Manchester, Liverpool and more.



CAREERS / VACANCIES SCREEN

We have a number of career paths within MSc Properties that should motivate, enthuse and inspire the most forward thinking ambitious types. From Estate & Letting Agency Sales Positions, to Branch Management, to Financial Advisors. We have structured formats, constructive training and result inspired wage structures that reward the very best. And it's the very best who we are looking for - if you believe you can compete in this challenging environment - (and come out on top) we want to hear from you.

To learn more about how to become part of a successful local company register for a vacancy below:

Vacancies:

Lettings Manager

Enthusiastic and motivated individual to manage and drive one of our busy Lettings offices. Previous experience necessary. A desire to succeed is essential. 

OTE approx Â£30-Â£40k pa

please email your CV to tatiana.carver@kings-group.net 

Lettings Negotiator

Enthusiastic and motivated individual to work in one of our busy Lettings offices. No experience necessary as training will be given, but a desire to succeed is essential. OTE approx

Â£25000-Â£30000 pa.
please email your CV to tatiana.carver@kings-group.net 

Sales Negotiator

Enthusiastic and motivated individual to work in one of our busy Sales offices. No experience necessary as training will be given, but a desire to succeed is essential. OTE approx Â£25000-Â£30000 pa.
please email your CV to roydon.weekes@kings-group.net

Financial Mortgage Advisor

Based in our Client Services Department, suitable for full C.E.map qualified advisor. Working with Kings Mortgage Client Bank to provide a quality service and ensure the best financial deal for our clients. Salary OTE expected Â£30,000-Â£65,000
please email your CV to debbie.bell@kings-group.net

Trainee Mortgage Advisor/Coordinator

An Individual with the right aptitude and dedication, to succeed ultimately in the financial services industry. Cemap qualifications an advantage but not a necessity. Salary starting from Â£14,000
please email your CV to debbie.bell@kings-group.net



ABOUT US

About MSc Properties

What sets MSc PRoperties apart is our belief in modern work practices coupled with traditional, old-fashioned values like professionalism, quality service and an absolute commitment to keeping a promise.

Our definition of good service is that when we say we are available at all hours of the day, we don’t just mean the answer phone is on for you to leave a message.  Members of our dedicated and experienced team are often in the office at daybreak and also work late into the night when required.   

The same holds true when it comes to property viewings.  Because we believe you should not have to take time off work to find or sell your home, we organise viewings at a time to suit you, whether that is first thing in the morning or last thing at night. 

MSc Properties have a number of offices across most major cities in England, including London, Manchester, Liverpool and more.

Our Offices:


Tenant Charges




Tenant fees








There’s a lot of work involved in setting up and maintaining a tenancy. Below, we explain the rental fees Your Move charges to tenants when setting up a new tenancy, and then throughout a tenant’s time in the property. Our fees vary from property to property. To find out the fees for a property, find the property on this site and then click on the link "other fees may apply".




Tenancy set up fee




What is it?

The tenancy set up fee includes the cost of referencing – which will cover checking your credit status, previous employer, current or past landlords, and taking into account any other information to help assess the affordability of your tenancy application. The fee also includes providing a Tenancy Agreement and protecting your security deposit with a scheme such as My Deposits. It covers the cost of one person. The landlord pays a share to set up the tenancy.



When do I pay it?

After you’ve viewed the property and have decided to apply to rent it, we will provide you with a Tenancy Fee Declaration form which lists the services we provide and the fees that are payable. You will then be asked for your tenancy set up payment, which will be offset against the total amount payable on the day you sign the tenancy agreement and move in to your new home.




Other fees that may be applicable before you move in




Additional person fee

This covers the cost of processing the application and associated paperwork for any additional applicants. For each additional applicant there will be a fee.

Guarantor fee

Depending on the outcome from your application from the referencing company, your earnings or overall financial position may require you to provide a Guarantor. This is not uncommon, and means you have someone on your behalf that undergoes credit referencing – to ensure they have sufficient earnings to cover the overall rent commitments in the event that you, as the tenant, are unable to pay your rent. This fee is payable in respect of each Guarantor to cover credit referencing costs and providing a Deed of Guarantee as part of the Tenancy Agreement, which details their obligations as a Guarantor.



Permitted occupier

This is a person approaching, or over the age of, 18 who will not be permanently residing at the rented property. This only applies in very specific situations and then only with the landlords consent. The administration costs include supplying the relevant documentation that explains in more detail what it means to be a permitted occupier and how this fits in with the tenancy of the property.

Pet deposit

This covers the added risk of property damage. It will be protected with your security deposit in a Government-authorised scheme and may be returned at the end of the tenancy. Although the retention of two weeks' gross rent will be made for three months post-tenancy to cover any flea infestation.




During the tenancy, you may incur additional fees for other services




Amendment Fee

May be applicable if a change to the tenancy is required mid-term. This may be due to a change in personal circumstances and / or a request to leave the tenancy early is agreed prior to the end of the tenancy agreement (this is subject to landlord consent).

Renewal fee (tenant's share)

This is the cost of preparing a new Tenancy Agreement and negotiating with your landlord for a further fixed term tenancy. Extending your tenancy, if agreed by your landlord, gives an assurance of staying in the property for a further fixed period, and avoids the uncertainty of a landlord serving notice at any given time. The landlord also pays a share for renewing the tenancy.

Check out fee (tenant's share)

Some landlords ask Your Move to employ external inventory companies to produce an inventory for their property before the let. Where this applies, you will be liable for a check out fee when the inventory company carries out their inspection at the end of the tenancy. If applicable, the check out report forms an important part of how the return of your security deposit is arranged. Please feel free to ask our staff if this would apply to you. The landlord also pays a share of the check out fee.



Security deposit

Deductions may be made due to variation of the condition of the property compared to the inventory. A work arrangement fee of 12% (10% +VAT) of that invoice will be charged for arranging the work, processing the invoice and making the payment to the contractor.

How do I find out how much these fees will cost me?

Our fees for tenants can vary from property to property. Your local Your Move branch will be able to provide you with details of how much these fees will be for any property you are interested in, or click on the link "other fees may apply" which can be seen on every rental property in England and Wales on this website.
